How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

  By using diff, it was easy to see which lines contained changes (instead of
  wading through the entire code). In essence, using diff reduced the amount of
  code that needed to be checked in order to find the bug.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

  Having the possibility to compare versions of a file can help make
  observations about how to code has changed and what has worked and what
  hasn't – this in turn can help the programmer reflect on good coding
  practices and successful solutions. This is called learning, and it helps us
  become better programmers. Also, having access to the version history makes
  it easy to roll back to an earlier version if something in the new code
  breaks the program.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

  Creating commits manually has the upside of allowing each commit to be a
  logical, coherent, meaningful whole, which enables easier comparison of
  different versions (although it deciding what constitutes an meaningful commit
  and remembering to save it manually falls on the programmer). A system that
  saves work automatically offers the benefit of having access to frequent
  backups in case of software crashes or hardware problems. That being said,
  it's possible to use different systems for backing up files and making commits
  to the version control system.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

  In some uses, such as in programming, different files can be highly
  interrelated and dependent on each other to work correctly; therefore it makes
  sense to bundle the files in each commit. Systems like Google Docs assume
  that each file is self-contained and thus there is no need to track changes
  across multiple files.


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

  `git log` provides an overview of the timeline of commits, so that the entire change history can be easily viewed. `git diff` is the way to actually see what has changed. For example, `git log` can be used to first find a commit that contains a specific change or was made at a specific time.


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

  Version control provides powerful tools for rolling back to an earlier
  version and for examining changes between versions: if a bug breaks the code,
  the earlier version can be restored easily without losing any of the more
  recent work.


Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

  I want to use Git to track my Python code for courses that I'll be taking
  in the spring.
